reinduino/README.MD, before:

# Advanced Stuff : Reinduino

Reinduino is a somewhat advanced demonstration project that combines, music, motion and sound.

![](img/reinduino.gif)

## Wiring Diagram

![](img/reinduino-diagram_bb.png)

Note the use of the breadboard to connect more than one wire to the same 5V and GND pins.

## Code

This is the code that make Reinduino run:

```c
#include <Adafruit_NeoPixel.h>
#include <Servo.h>

#define NEOPIXEL_PIN 6
#define SPEAKER_PIN 9
#define SERVO_PIN 10
#define NOTE_COUNT 110
#define LOOP_DELAY 50

#define A 440
#define B 494
#define E 330
#define G 392
#define C 523
#define D 294
#define F 349

int notes[] = {
  G,A,G,E,C,A,G,G,A,G,A,G,C,B,
  F,G,F,D,B,A,G,G,A,G,A,G,A,E,
  G,A,G,E,C,A,G,G,A,G,A,G,C,B,
  F,G,F,D,B,A,G,G,A,G,A,G,A,E,
  A,A,C,A,G,E,G,F,A,G,F,E,
  D,E,G,A,B,B,B,C,C,B,A,G,F,D,
  G,A,G,E,C,A,G,G,A,G,A,G,C,B,
  F,G,F,D,B,A,G,G,A,G,A,G,D,C

};

int durations[] = {
  8,4,8,4,4,4,2,8,8,8,8,4,4,1,
  8,4,8,4,4,4,2,8,8,8,8,4,4,1,
  8,4,8,4,4,4,2,8,8,8,8,4,4,1,
  8,4,8,4,4,4,2,8,8,8,8,4,4,1,
  4,4,4,4,4,4,2,4,4,4,4,1,
  4,4,4,4,4,4,2,4,4,4,4,4,4,2,
  8,4,8,4,4,4,2,8,8,8,8,4,4,1,
  8,4,8,4,4,4,2,8,8,8,8,4,4,1
};

Adafruit_NeoPixel nose = Adafruit_NeoPixel(1, NEOPIXEL_PIN, NEO_GRB + NEO_KHZ800);
Servo head;
unsigned long loopCount = 0;
unsigned long nextNoteIn = 0;
int nextNoteNum = 0;

void setup() {
  nose.begin();
  nose.show();
  head.attach(SERVO_PIN);
  head.write( 90 );
}

void loop() {
  float s = sin((float) loopCount / 7);
  float c = cos((float) loopCount / 3);

  int redLevel = 155 + (c * 100);
  nose.setPixelColor(0, 0, redLevel, 0 );
  nose.show();

  int headPos = 90 + (s * 18);
  head.write(headPos);

  playNote();

  delay( LOOP_DELAY );
  loopCount++;
}

void playNote() {
  unsigned long timer = loopCount * LOOP_DELAY;
  if (timer >= nextNoteIn) {
    int note = notes[ nextNoteNum ];
    int duration = durations[ nextNoteNum ];
    int ms = 1000 / duration;
    tone(SPEAKER_PIN, note, ms);
    nextNoteIn = timer + (ms * 1.2);
    nextNoteNum++;
    if (nextNoteNum >= NOTE_COUNT) {
      nextNoteNum = 0;
    }
  }
}
```

Commit message:

Add Arduino docs. Add breadboard reference.

reinduino/README.MD, after:

# Advanced Stuff : Reinduino

Reinduino is a somewhat advanced demonstration project that combines, music, motion and sound. It's a little bit more tricky than the other examples because of the timing to do all three of these things at the same time. I'll try to explain everything as I walk you through the code and wiring.

![](img/reinduino.gif)

## Wiring Diagram

![](img/reinduino-diagram_bb.png)

Note the use of the white breadboard to connect more than one wire to the same 5V and GND pins. Breadboards are small boards that you can plug wires in to connect them together. This is useful when you have two things that need the same pin on the arduino. In the diagram above, both the LED and the motor need the 5V and GND pins on the Arduino.

![](img/breadboard.png)

The yellow lines in the image above show how pins connect vertically, except across the break in the middle.

## Code

This is the code that make Reinduino run:

```c
#include <Adafruit_NeoPixel.h>
#include <Servo.h>

#define NEOPIXEL_PIN 6
#define SPEAKER_PIN 9
#define SERVO_PIN 10
#define NOTE_COUNT 110
#define LOOP_DELAY 50

#define A 440
#define B 494
#define E 330
#define G 392
#define C 523
#define D 294
#define F 349

int notes[] = {
  G,A,G,E,C,A,G,G,A,G,A,G,C,B,
  F,G,F,D,B,A,G,G,A,G,A,G,A,E,
  G,A,G,E,C,A,G,G,A,G,A,G,C,B,
  F,G,F,D,B,A,G,G,A,G,A,G,A,E,
  A,A,C,A,G,E,G,F,A,G,F,E,
  D,E,G,A,B,B,B,C,C,B,A,G,F,D,
  G,A,G,E,C,A,G,G,A,G,A,G,C,B,
  F,G,F,D,B,A,G,G,A,G,A,G,D,C

};

int durations[] = {
  8,4,8,4,4,4,2,8,8,8,8,4,4,1,
  8,4,8,4,4,4,2,8,8,8,8,4,4,1,
  8,4,8,4,4,4,2,8,8,8,8,4,4,1,
  8,4,8,4,4,4,2,8,8,8,8,4,4,1,
  4,4,4,4,4,4,2,4,4,4,4,1,
  4,4,4,4,4,4,2,4,4,4,4,4,4,2,
  8,4,8,4,4,4,2,8,8,8,8,4,4,1,
  8,4,8,4,4,4,2,8,8,8,8,4,4,1
};

Adafruit_NeoPixel nose = Adafruit_NeoPixel(1, NEOPIXEL_PIN, NEO_GRB + NEO_KHZ800);
Servo head;
unsigned long loopCount = 0;
unsigned long nextNoteIn = 0;
int nextNoteNum = 0;

void setup() {
  nose.begin();
  nose.show();
  head.attach(SERVO_PIN);
  head.write( 90 );
}

void loop() {
  float s = sin((float) loopCount / 7);
  float c = cos((float) loopCount / 3);

  int redLevel = 155 + (c * 100);
  nose.setPixelColor(0, 0, redLevel, 0 );
  nose.show();

  int headPos = 90 + (s * 18);
  head.write(headPos);

  playNote();

  delay( LOOP_DELAY );
  loopCount++;
}

void playNote() {
  unsigned long timer = loopCount * LOOP_DELAY;
  if (timer >= nextNoteIn) {
    int note = notes[ nextNoteNum ];
    int duration = durations[ nextNoteNum ];
    int ms = 1000 / duration;
    tone(SPEAKER_PIN, note, ms);
    nextNoteIn = timer + (ms * 1.2);
    nextNoteNum++;
    if (nextNoteNum >= NOTE_COUNT) {
      nextNoteNum = 0;
    }
  }
}
```
